Cybertekt is invite only.
Play can themselves earn invites to give to friends.


The most powerful weapon in Cybertekt is needed in order to defeat Null.
Seven components are required in order to forge this weapon.
Initially, each component is held within the seven Cybertekt Bosses.
A boss must be defeated in order to aquire the component it holds.
When a boss is destroyed, the component is given to the player who defeated it.
Components permanently amplify the power of ANY Cybernaut who have them.
Only Arktekt Cybernauts can aquire more than one component at the same time.

Cybernauts who are destroyed while under the effects of a component will lose their component.

Cybernauts who aquire a component can choose to turn it over to an Arktekt of their choosing (Vektor/Syntax) or they can selfishly imbue themselves with 
the power.


If Vektor aquires all seven components he will defeat Null and leads into the Dox / Virus Saga.
If Syntax aquires all seven components he will use it to attack Vektor and his forces.

Components that are given to an Arktek other than Vektor or Syntax will have one of these results:
	The Artekt will hand the component over to Vektor/Syntax.
	The Arktekt becomes corrupted by the component(s) and becomes hostile to all players/factions.



Root Saga

Null Saga

Virus Saga

Botnet Saga

Pirate Saga

Return of Null Saga - (Rootshell is destroyed)

Universal Measurements:
	Nul Space > Network > Server > Partition > Sector

Final Goal:
	Allow anyone to configure and create their own Cybertekt-powered Network.

Cybertekt Engine Primary Modules
	-Application (net.cybertekt.core.app)
	-Asset Manager (net.cybertekt.core.asset) [85%]
	-Display Manager (net.cybertekt.core.display) [40%]
	-Input Manager (net.cybertekt.core.input) [10%] (Not needed?)
	-Network Manager (net.cybertekt.core.network) [3%]
	-Scene Manager (net.cybertekt.core.scene) [8%]
	-Render Manager (net.cybertekt.core.render) [8%]
	-User Interface (net.cybertekt.core.ui) [?%]

Cybertekt World Engine
	-Voxel Terrain System
		-Instead of thinking of terrain units as chunks of different blocks, think of 'blobs' of blocks which all have the same type.

-Divide the scene graph up into sections to reduce the amount of traversals. Divide and conquer is key.

-Different settings depending on location of camera:
	Close: Full Chunk/Blob generation - Dynamic Blocks Enabled
	Near: Blob
	Far: Simplified Blob Generation (block.getSimplified())
	Very Far:
	Very Very Far: Render a simplified version of the largest, furthest structures only with simple textures. (I.E. CUT OUT 	THE MIDDLE).

-YOU CAN POSITION / ROTATE / MERGE A BLOCK MESH USING ONLY THE POSITION OF ITS OUTER VERTICES.
	-ACTUALLY, IT MIGHT BE THE CASE THAT THE ONLY THING THAT MATTERS IS WHICH DIRECTION TO CULL (I.E WHICH FACES TO HIDE) 

-Resource Servers have varying generator settings and "Pseudo" game modes.

-Create Important Notes (Knowledge Base) package and go through all notes and catagorize them.
	-Should do the same thing when it comes time to develop Cybertekt World Engine.

Rootshell is the current "system server" which is authorative over the entire offical Cybertekt Network
Each primary server has a single compiler. (Primary Servers)

Player is first greated by the Master Mekanic of the Overdrive Compiler he should treat the player as him/herself (aka breaking the fourth wall) and 
should showcase/present the players brand-new shiney Cybernaut to him/her.

Knyte AI learns from the actions of its host user.

Should have lots of pop-up dialog links that provide information about keywords just like wikipedia but without the browser.

Functions are modular components that enable special abilities.

Functions can be improved by adding Scripts.
Equipment can be improved by adding Mods.

The power of a Cybernaut depends on the factors of its "Permanent Record":
	Commendations - Feedback from players.
	Demerits - 
	Medals - Feedback from game.
	Achievements - Tracks "experience". 

-Function Name - (Function Class) - Target - Cooldown (Optional)

Reboot - (Mekanic - Support) - 10 Minute Cooldown
Attempt to reboot Cybernaut systems. Can only be used when deactivated.

Scanner Drone - (Mekanic - Support) 
Deploy a drone that periodically scans the immediate area surrounding the Cybernaut for hidden threats.

Assembly Drone - (Mekanic - Support)
Deploy a drone that will assist in constructing and/or repairing nearby structures.

Repair Drone(s) - (Mekanic - Support) 

Salvage - (Teknic)
Salvage what remains of a deactivated Cybernaut. The target Cybernaut will be GC and forced to recompile.

Scanner Sat - (Teknic - Support)

Transporter - (Teknic - Support)

Overcharge - (Knyte - Tank)

Hot Swap - (Knyte)

Cloak - (Crypto) - Instant Self
You can not use abilities while cloaked.

Ping - (Crypto)
Reveals any hidden threats in an area surrounding the Cybernaut.

Slipstream - (Crypto)
Same as Blink

Assassinate - (Crypto) - Instant
Instantly destroys 
(Alternate animation mods available)

Roles:
	Supportive Pure
	Supportive Hybrid

	Offensive Pure
	Offensive Hybrid

	Defensive Pure
	Defensive Hybrid

"Pure" roles should be rarer. 
"Pures" receive a power bonus.
"Basic" functions do not have any affect on role.

Classes:
	Mekanic (Drones)
	Teknic (Structs)
	Archivist (Something Like Magic?)
	Knyte (Jack-of-all-trade, Heavily dependant on weapons / armor)
	Crypto (Stealth)
	Arktekt (Super Special Elite Admin Class) [Depreciated - No Compilers Exist]

Special reward for those who pirate the client:
	-Add a hidden option on license key entry screen: Arg! I be a pirate!
	-Allows unlicensed players to play on the offical resource servers as a Pirate Knyte.
	-A pool of "Pirate Knyte" Cyberbots is cycled through. Players don't get the same Cybernaut each time but each Cybernaut tracks its own stats.
	-This is basically a "hardcore" mode of the game. Players lose access to the Cybernaut if they die while controlling it. 
	-Players who last exceedingly long on "hardcore" mode may be rewarded with legitimization offer and free month game time.

Lucky Number - Every Cybernaut has a random seed value that's affects random chance. 
	-The Lucky Number attribute is the last digit of the seed value.